#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
aiosqlite==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
alembic==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   prefect
    #   starlette
apprise==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
argh==0.26.2
    # via watchdog
asgi-lifespan==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   oscrypto
    #   snowflake-connector-python
asyncpg==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
atomicwrites==1.4.1
    # via pytest
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.11.0
    # via sphinx
backoff==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   paramiko
bleach==5.0.1
    # via readme-renderer
boto3==1.26.52
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect-aws
botocore==1.29.52
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   prefect-aws
    #   s3transfer
bump2version==0.5.11
    # via -r requirements/test.in
cachetools==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apprise
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
ciso8601==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apprise
    #   prefect
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   griffe
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   rich
coolname==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
croniter==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
cryptography==38.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   paramiko
    #   prefect
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
dateparser==1.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
ddt==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
docker==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   readme-renderer
    #   sphinx
edx-opaque-keys==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
entrypoints==0.3
    # via flake8
fastapi==0.89.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
filelock==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
flake8==3.7.8
    # via -r requirements/test.in
fsspec==2022.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
google-api-core[grpc]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
google-api-python-client==2.73.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect-gcp
google-auth==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   kubernetes
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-bigquery==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect-gcp
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.58.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
griffe==0.25.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
grpcio==1.51.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.51.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpx
hpack==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   h2
httpcore==0.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpretty==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements/test.in
httpx[http2]==0.23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
hvac==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   h2
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
    #   snowflake-connector-python
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   alembic
    #   markdown
    #   prefect
    #   pytest
importlib-resources==5.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   alembic
    #   jsonschema
isort==5.11.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
    #   sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
kubernetes==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   alembic
markdown==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apprise
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mock==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
more-itertools==9.0.0
    # via pytest
mypy-boto3-s3==1.26.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect-aws
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
orjson==3.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   docker
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   prefect
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
paramiko==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pathspec==0.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via watchdog
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via twine
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
prefect==2.7.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect-aws
    #   prefect-gcp
    #   prefect-snowflake
prefect-aws==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
prefect-gcp[bigquery]==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
prefect-snowflake==0.26.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
proto-plus==1.22.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
protobuf==4.21.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.5.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pydantic==1.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   prefect
pyflakes==2.1.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyhcl==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   hvac
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pymysql==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   paramiko
pyopenssl==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httplib2
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==4.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-mock==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-runner==5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   dateparser
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   kubernetes
    #   pendulum
python-slugify==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   babel
    #   dateparser
    #   prefect
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tzlocal
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pendulum
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apprise
    #   kubernetes
    #   prefect
    #   watchdog
readchar==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
readme-renderer==37.3
    # via twine
regex==2022.10.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   dateparser
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apprise
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   hvac
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apprise
    #   kubernetes
requests-toolbelt==0.10.1
    # via twine
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpx
rich==13.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   kubernetes
    #   paramiko
    #   pytest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sphinx
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   asgi-lifespan
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
snowflake-connector-python==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect-snowflake
sphinx==1.8.5
    # via -r requirements/test.in
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinxcontrib-websupport
sphinxcontrib-websupport==1.2.4
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy[asyncio]==1.4.46
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   alembic
    #   prefect
starlette==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastapi
stevedore==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via twine
twine==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
typer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mypy-boto3-s3
    #   prefect
    #   pydantic
    #   rich
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   starlette
tzdata==2022.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   dateparser
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
uvicorn==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prefect
watchdog==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via pytest
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
wheel==0.33.6
    # via -r requirements/test.in
zipp==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
